: the alcoholic fermented juice of fresh grapes used as a beverage
: wine or a substitute used in Christian communion services
: the alcoholic usually fermented juice of a plant product (such as a fruit) used as a beverage
//blackberry wine
: something that invigorates or intoxicates
: a dark red
: to drink wine
: to give wine to
//wined and dined his friends
"Workers are supposed to wash their hands at 60-minute intervals and after opening each new case of refillable cups, which have to be stored at least 6 inches off the ground, as do cases of wine or other booze."
"Yamahai sake is typically gamy , earthy and nutty , and often compared to the funky flavors and acidity of natural wine."
"Enjoy a stop at Cameron’s Winery in Northfield, Mass., for a tasting of five wines."
"Just up the alley is Restaurant Gabriel: Dinner for two with wine runs about $80."
"Surrender to Cueva's kitchen for a tasting menu that relies predominantly on the same native ingredients found in Puerto Rico's simple country kitchens, or fondas, especially fish and vegetables, and paired beautifully with a variety of wines."
"So why in the land of fine wines is rosé, the industry’s poor cousin, enjoying such a boom?"
"If that's not enough to rev your engine, the deal also comes with overnight stays for you and several guests, up to four gourmet dinners and an encyclopedic roster of impressive wines."
"Brule will offer a $44 Dine Out Delray menu that has the option of a wine pairing add-on for $12."
"Patrons can wine and dine on the small front patio, which captures the authentic neighborhood charm near the heart of the city."
"Purists, like Hovhannisyan, insist that fresh lavash—torn and folded for easy scooping—is the only acceptable utensil for eating khash, and that vodka, never wine or beer, is its only worthy sidekick."
"Purchases of growlers and kegs include a chance to wine one of four $50 Beer Engine gift cards."
"Cocktails frequently lose out to wine and beer at home because so much of what’s on menus requires more effort and expense than non-professionals are willing to commit to."
"Pence’s press secretary’s comment comes after the Times reported last week that the vice president has been wineing and dining influential Republican donors at the Naval Observatory."
"SANTA ROSA, Calif. — In the heart of Northern California’s wine country, a civil engineer turned marijuana entrepreneur is adding a new dimension to the art of matching fine wines with gourmet food: cannabis and wine pairing dinners."
: an alcoholic drink made from the juice of grapes
: an alcoholic drink made from plants or fruits other than grapes
: a dark reddish-purple color
: an alcoholic beverage made from the fermented juice of grapes
: an alcoholic beverage made from the usually fermented juice of fruits (as peaches) other than grapes
: fermented grape juice containing varying percentages of alcohol together with ethers and esters that give it bouquet and flavor
: a pharmaceutical preparation using wine as a vehicle